That said,
there are a few more things that I
would like to bring your attention to.
In the name of how do I get as much
test coverage as I possibly can as fast
as possible.
So let's say we have a test.
You know what this test is as good as any.
Except for the fact that I hit record.
I hit record from the base URL.
Let's go,
this is a little bit of a simpler test.
So we've got that in place.
Let's go ahead and.
Let's grab-
>> Was there a weirdness with the copy
paste in that big text?
There's no spaces between the restaurants,
not sure if that's important.
>> Where?
>> Line 6.
>> I probably need a better selector.
That's probably the select box which
clearly needed a better data ID.
>> Sure.
>> Right so,
because there was either no data ID.
Or I messed up on the accessibility for
that one.
Again, you end up making better choices,
this is literally just grabbed an old app.
And I thought it was better.
Because it is a two-year-old
app that I haven't looked at.
And I can just get test coverage for it.
It's like using a beta
version of SvelteKit,
which is possibly part
of my problem right now.
And, yes, that's probably I
need probably either a role.
Or like at least a data ID or
something along those lines.
I'm guaranteeing you if
I looked at that code,
it would fail the aXe violations
on the component test.
Because there's probably not a label,
right.
>> Going to catch those live
coding issues though, as we go.
>> And so yeah,
that would probably fail it as well.
With the aXe violation, but
we can get most of the way there.
You know what,
let's actually say that we would like.
Get by role combo box name is restaurant.
I wonder what I clicked there that got me,
let's see.
I mean, I say that like I literally could
not run this automated test and see.
But it's actually not that important.
So let's go ahead we'll
say this get by roll.
I like this.
And we're not good.
Yeah, we'll select an option.
I'm sure it will await that.
Actually, I'm gonna do
[INAUDIBLE] restaurant, Select.
And then what we will do is we
will go ahead and just use that.
Sweet, and
then what happens if I run that test?
And I was just showing you,
mostly trying to simulate my workflow.
Other, also look in the VS Code one,
you will get, I didn't go to the page.
This is gonna fail.
Don't cancel things because
things end up like.
This is all the playwrights
stuff is great, the VS code plug-in.
I'm sure people were like.
The fact that it's unreliable is, just remember
how magic it is like we all aspire to,
What is the-
>> Are you sayinc that stopping
tests early is bad for the extension-
>> It has hurt my feelings before and
got me in a weird state.
Now I didn't do that that's not
what got me the weird state earlier.
But I have been hurt by it before.
>> Just for the extension.
>> Just for the extension, yeah.
Normally you can, yeah, go ahead in the command line.
>> That's what I said.
>> Command C to your heart's content.
Let's go ahead and let's run that again.
The nice part is like with the thing,
it will usually leave my
browser in that state.
It seems Jack in the Box is picked.
Could I get this entire table?
Let's just grab this.
Let's grab this element here, right?
Cool and did I go paste now?
Let's do the pick locator.
Or get the entire page.
It was the table.
The table was our gross giant thing.
Const table equals page
that I get my text.
Yeah, I should put a test ID on that and
then I would get something a lot smaller,
nicer.
No, we're not doing that right now.
This is about not refactoring
your code immediately.
This is about settiny up the test
infrastructure so you can refactor.
Let's be intellectually honest
about what we're doing.
>> Cool, it's value, but never read.
What I would like to bring your attention
to is when it comes down to then, like.
Getting those sanity checks,
like clicking on stuff super great.
But, here's an assertion
that I can make real fast,
that'll make my life a lot easier.
So we'll call that table.
And then we'll say maybe like to have,
what's that one?
To have screenshot.
And I'm going to spoil where I'm
going with this for a second.
I don't know what the other one does.
And let's go ahead and let's.
I think this taken the most snapshot
test fails the first time because
there is no snapshot.
And now it passess, right and
if I look in my file system I got
this new folder with snapshots go.
And I have a visual image of the DOM
as it was rendered in that moment.
Right and so that I can theoretically
not only automate a bunch of tests.
But I can also take
a bunch of screenshots.
Also the to match snapshot will write
a text file of the text content.
Or whatever of a like if
you grab if you say like.
If you say h1.txt content or whatever you
can actually write that to a file and
have a validate that as well.
So you can click around and
do all these things.
You can even just throw in a few like.
Hey this text content should be what I
think or should match the screenshot.
Obviously you can put in a file name and
separate it by what browser and
what OS you're using, right.
And stuff like that because
Windows has different fonts.
Safari makes everything shiny.
>> [INAUDIBLE] space though?
>> What's it?
>> It must take up a bunch of space?
>> Yeah.
It's their images.
They put a little bit of space.
>> Yeah.
>> Right, you got to do stuff.
>> [INAUDIBLE] 100 pixels?
>> That is the test will fail.
If it takes another screenshot that
has more than 100 pixels difference.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> And you're like, yeah,
well kinda like map what
pixels don't match.
And you could have a threshold
because maybe like, I don't know,
like layouts are weird.
You know what I mean like
stuff can change a little bit.
You don't necessarily want your
tests to fail because of that.
But you can set a threshold
that you want to fail.
And like you can very quickly get
a whole bunch of test coverage really,
really, really fast.
Not great test coverage because cool,
good luck figuring out why that div moved,
right?
But at least for a sanity check as you
start to embark on that large refactor.
And if you're moving to
a different framework or
you're trying to just untangle some stuff.
Because you don't have to untangle so
you can test it.
But like In the absence of those tests,
you don't know the breaking stuff.
You could theoretically
automate because otherwise,
we all know how the tests were gonna work.
It was gonna be you manually
doing this better than that.
And the fact that you could
theoretically just stop.
That you can comment out lines of code,
the browser will be left
exactly where it was.
And then you can open up the developer
tools and poke around is pretty powerful.
But wait, there's more